update on few things on README (#2)
tigrisdata-community/real-time-full-text-search-nextjs: README.md

</p>

<p align="center">  
Tigris offers an integrated real-time full-text search solution that allows you to create powerful search experiences within your application. Utilizing Typesense technology, this embedded search engine eliminates the need for an additional search system, providing a smooth and scalable experience for your database.
</br></br>

# ⚡ ️Real-time full-text search with Next.js and Tigris

> This application is built with Next.js and Tigris and provides a full-stack solution. Products are stored and retrieved from a Tigris database to be displayed to customers. To improve accessibility, I used the Tigris embedded real-time full-text search feature to add search to the application, allowing users to search for their desired products quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is built with Next.js and Tigris and provides a full-stack solution. Products are stored and retrieved from a Tigris database to be displayed to customers. Tigris embedded real-time full-text search feature is used to power search in the application and to provide a great UX for product discoverability.
```

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/tigrisdata-community/realtime-search)

> ## 📖 Running Next.js server & Tigris on Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 📖 Development
```
